all right this is the ferret condominium
you'll see on the Left we have the
high-rise which is the Orville
Redenbacher popcorn boxes and on the
right joined by the sky bridge you have
the low red district which is the
premium crackers
you've got keiki playing around on there
they like basically what I did was just
cut a bunch of holes in them and duct
tape them together there's three on the
right and three on the left and tunnel
entrances in different places and
they've got the sky bridge going across
joining the two and they like to chase
each other going in and out different
levels and different layers and the
different rooms and sometimes I'll put
different toys in there for them to play
with and other times they'll just kind
of crawl in there and do the jaws thing
if you got ferrets you know what I'm
talking about when they do the jaws but
she's rustling around in there I'm
hoping she comes out quick where'd she
go come on
I'll get her from a couple different
angles you guys might want to do this at
home build them a little in and out
place mmm tunneling burrowing and we
keep adding to it as time goes along
every time we get a big old box of
saltines or popcorn from Costco and then
it gets emptied out I'm thinking about
in different types of boxes too like the
I don't know big ol oatmeal quicker
oatmeal things and building up a big old
condo for them I don't put any blankets
or towels or anything like that in there
because I don't want them to go to sleep
then I got a rattle little thing around
but they have a good time with it
I guess she's going to stay in there for
a while
all right well it's just a parent man I
am check it out
hope you like the show